JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
The Washington Post reports
President Trump revealed highly
classified material to Russia's
foreign minister and ambassador
during their visit to the Oval
Office.
Then: a hack felt
around the world.
We talk to the president of
Microsoft about the cyber-attack
leaving hospitals and businesses
in 150 countries facing
ransom for their files.
And our Politics Monday duo
explore what the fallout from
the firing of the FBI director
could mean for President
Trump's agenda going forward.
All that and more on
tonight's "PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: There's word
tonight that President Trump may
have jeopardized a secret source
of intelligence on the
Islamic State group.
The Washington Post is reporting
that the president divulged
highly sensitive information
when he met with the Russian
foreign minister and Russian
ambassador last week.
The account says an ally
provided the intelligence,
but had not given
permission to share it with
Russia.
We're joined now by Greg Jaffe,
one of the Washington Post
reporters who broke the story.
Greg Jaffe, tell us exactly
what happened, as you know it.
GREG JAFFE, The Washington
Post: So, the meeting with the
Russian foreign minister and the
Russian ambassador
was taking place.
And the president was sharing
information with them with
regard to the laptop threat
that had been an issue -- the
concern -- the threat posed
by laptops -- the threat posed
by aviation to laptops,
which had been an issue.
And he was describing the nature
of that threat, was boasting
about the great intel he had
and, in doing so, may have
overstepped the bounds.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, this is
information that had come from
a U.S. ally, is that correct?
GREG JAFFE: Yes,
that's exactly right.
And it's particularly sensitive,
and I think the ally which
controls the dissemination
of the information would be
upset to have learned that it
landed in the Russians' hands.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It sounds as
if, from your reporting, Greg,
that the White House recognized
pretty quickly what had
happened, because you wrote that
they contacted both the CIA
and the National Security
Agency afterwards.
GREG JAFFE: Yes,
that's exactly right.
And they -- you know, they
controlled dissemination
of the transcripts
immediately afterwards.
And they struck the references
to a sort of memo summary that
went out in the White House
describing the meeting to
ensure that the information
didn't get out any further than
it already had.
Obviously, the problem is not
internal to the U.S. government.
The problem is the
dissemination to the Russians.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What is the
damage done here potentially?
GREG JAFFE: You know, I think
there are a couple of concerns.
You know, you worry first and
foremost about potentially
compromising sources and methods
that allowed us -- that has
allowed us to gather this
intelligence over a period of
time.
My understanding is that
this is sort of a stream of
intelligence that's been useful
over quite a period of
time, so I think that's the
first and foremost worry.
The secondary worry is that
you compromise a relationship
with an important ally.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I'm going
to read back to you what
you quote in the story.
And you're quoting H.R.
McMaster, the president's
national security adviser.
He said to you that at no time
were any intelligence sources or
methods discussed, and he said
no military operations were
not already disclosed that were
not already known publicly.
GREG JAFFE: Yes, I
think that's right.
I think the worry is, by giving
-- sharing this intelligence
with the Russians, that
it potentially compromises
sources and methods.
In other words, this was
information that was shared
that the Russians weren't aware
of.
They didn't know how we had
access to it, so I think the
worry is that you -- that their
ability is to reverse-engineer,
to sort of figure out where
this information was coming
from.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Clearly, Greg
Jaffe, you're not going to tell
us your source on this story,
but is it fair to say the
White House didn't want
this information revealed?
GREG JAFFE: Yes, I think that's
very fair to say that the
White House is very concerned,
I think, both about the
information shared in the Oval
Office and about the story.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Where
does this go from here?
So, the president has shared
this in a conversation
with the Russian foreign
minister, the Russian
ambassador to the U.S.
What can one expect?
Has there been an apology
made to the ally, the
country, the officials
from whom the information
came?
GREG JAFFE: You know, I don't
know the answer to that.
You know, I think this is one
of those issues where it's so
unprecedented, that I'm not
sure where it goes from here.
I have been reporting on
national security matters for
quite a while, and it's hard to
recall something like this.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Are presidents
given some sort of training or
guidance on how to talk about
intelligence?
GREG JAFFE: Well, you know,
they get talking points
prior to the meetings.
And this is where it's important
to have talking points and have
a staff prepare the president
and have the president
be willing to listen
and be prepared.
And I think that's the concern,
that this is a president who
doesn't have a long history
in government, is a president
who relies on his gut and
likes to wing it in meetings.
And I think that's
the concern here.
You have to be open to being
staffed, and I think that's
potentially what was worrisome
here.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Greg Jaffe of
The Washington Post, one of
the reporters on the story that
has just broken within the
hour, Greg, we thank you.
GREG JAFFE: Yes,
thanks for having me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And in the
day's other news: The president
said the White House is moving
rapidly to replace the man he
fired last week as director
of the FBI, James Comey.
At least eight candidates were
interviewed over the weekend.
They included, among
others, acting FBI Director
Andrew McCabe, Republican
Senator John Cornyn
of Texas and a former Republican
congressman, Mike Rogers.
Meanwhile, the White House
press insisted today that the
president wants a full FBI
review of Russian meddling
in the election, no
matter what it concludes.
SEAN SPICER, White House Press
Secretary: The actions that
he took, he knew could be
detrimental to himself, but
none of those things mattered,
because the president had
to do the right thing for the
American people because he
believes that Jim Comey was the
wrong man for that position.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The president
himself has called the
investigation a charade.
Spicer also refused, again, to
confirm or deny that Mr. Trump
audiotaped his conversations
with James Comey or
with anyone else.
Deputy Attorney General
Rod Rosenstein will brief
the full Senate on the
firing this Thursday.
The United Nations is nearly
doubling its appeal for
humanitarian aid in South Sudan,
facing a brutal
civil war and famine.
The director of the World
Food Program warned today
that the suffering is --
quote -- "unimaginable."
U.N. agencies said they need
at least $1.4 billion to
provide assistance to refugees.
The United States accused the
government of Syria today of
killing thousands of prisoners,
and burning the bodies
to hide the evidence.
A top State Department official
said mass executions are
taking place about 45 minutes
outside Damascus at a
large prison facility.
STUART JONES, Acting
Assistant U.S. Secretary
for Near East Affairs:
The regime is responsible
for killing as many as 50
detainees per day at Sednaya.
Credible sources have believed
that many of the bodies have
been disposed in mass graves.
We now believe that
the Syrian regime has
installed a crematorium
in the Sednaya prison
complex, which could
dispose of detainees remains
with little evidence.
JUDY WOODRUFF: State Department
officials also called for
Russia to use its influence
with the Damascus regime
to stop the atrocities.
The U.S. Supreme Court
will not hear an appeal to
reinstate North Carolina's
voter identification
law.
Today's announcement leaves a
lower court ruling in place.
It found that the law
targeted African-Americans
with what it called --
quote -- "almost surgical
precision."
The law imposed stricter I.D.
requirements, rolled back early
voting and eliminated same-day
registration.
For the second Monday in a row,
a federal appeals court has
heard arguments on President
Trump's travel ban.
This time, a panel of the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeals, in
Seattle, heard a challenge
by the state of Hawaii.
Judges pressed a top Justice
Department lawyer on whether the
ban on travel from six Muslim
nations is, indeed,
religious discrimination.
JUDGE MICHAEL HAWKINS,
Ninth Circuit of Appeals:
Has the president ever
disavowed his campaign
statements?
Has he ever stood up and said,
I said before I wanted to ban
all members of the Islamic
faith from entering the United
States of America, I was wrong?
JEFFREY WALL, Attorney:
Over time, the president
clarified that what he
was talking about were
Islamic terrorist groups,
and the countries that
shelter or sponsor them.
And, over time, he and his
advisers clarified that what he
was focused on were groups like
ISIS and al-Qaida.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Last
week, an appeals court
in Richmond, Virginia,
heard similar arguments
in another suit
against the travel ban.
The Trump Cabinet
is now complete.
Robert Lighthizer was
sworn in today as U.S.
trade representative.
Vice President Mike Pence
presided over the ceremony.
Lighthizer is the last
Cabinet official to be
confirmed by the Senate.
He's expected to play a key role
in renegotiating trade deals.
And on Wall Street, stocks
rose, as oil prices surged.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained 85 points
to close near 20982.
The Nasdaq rose 28, and
the S&P 500 added 11.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
the president of Microsoft on a
global cyber-attack; heightened
threats from North
Korea's latest missile
launch; new limits by
the Trump administration
on foreign aid to groups
that provide abortion
services; and much more.
The worldwide cyber-attack
appeared to slow today.
Since Friday, the so-called
ransomware has hit more than
200,000 victims in more than
150 countries.
The worst of it
today was in Asia.
William Brangham reports.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: At a movie
theater in Seoul, South Korea,
screens flashed the bad news:
now playing, a
global cyber-attack.
In Indonesia, the waiting room
at a cancer hospital in Jakarta
was packed with patients,
their records also held hostage
by this so-called ransomware.
WOMAN (through translator):
There are always so many people.
That's why it's taking so long.
We're tired, but we
need the treatment.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: In
China, state media reported
some 4,000 schools were
among the hardest-hit
there, including two
prestigious universities.
WANG WENYI, Chinese
National Computer
Response Center (through
translator): If we pay the
ransom, then we are risking
getting our personal
information, including
our account information,
recorded and stolen.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Japanese
companies Hitachi and
Nissan were affected
as well, but Japan's
chief cabinet secretary
said the damage was minimal.
The virus first struck on
Friday, primarily at hospitals
in Britain and companies across
Europe.
This particular kind of
ransomware takes advantage
of a security flaw in
Microsoft's Windows
operating system.
It locks users out of their
computers until they pay
a ransom to get it back.
This strain of ransomware was
apparently built in part using
software created by the National
Security Agency, the NSA, which
was then stolen by hackers.
Microsoft patched the flaw in
its system in March, but many
users either ignored it or
refused to pay for it.
In an open letter Sunday,
Microsoft President Brad Smith
blamed the NSA and called it yet
another example of
why the stockpiling
of vulnerabilities by
governments is such a problem.
Russian President Vladimir
Putin, who is visiting
China, also criticized
the U.S., amid reports
that his interior ministry
had been hit hard.
VLADIMIR PUTIN, Russian
President (through
translator): The primary
source of the virus
happens to be the intelligence
services of the United States.
Russia here is
absolutely uninvolved.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But at
the White House today,
Tom Bossert, President
Trump's homeland security
adviser, said the NSA had
never intended its tool to
be used by foreign criminals.
TOM BOSSERT, White House
Homeland Security Adviser: This
was a vulnerability exploit
as one part of a much larger
tool that was put together by
the culpable parties and not
by the U.S. government.
So, this wasn't a tool developed
by the NSA to hold ransom data.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Meanwhile,
there's been political fallout.
In Britain, where a general
election looms, opposition
leader Jeremy Corbyn and Prime
Minister Theresa May
traded jibes long-distance:
JEREMY CORBYN, Leader,
Labor Party: Over the
past seven years, our
National Health Service
has been driven into
crisis after crisis.
The Tory cuts have
exposed patient services
to cyber-attack.
THERESA MAY, British Prime
Minister: Cyber-security is an
issue that we need to address.
That's why the government, when
we came into government in 2010,
put money into cyber-security.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The
cyber-attack's effects
in the United States
have been limited, except
for damage to the
FedEx delivery service.
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
I'm William Brangham.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And let's turn
to Microsoft now, which has
been responding to this attack
and criticizing the NSA for its
alleged role in exploiting the
vulnerability to begin with.
Brad Smith is the
president and chief legal
officer of the company.
He joins me from
Redmond, Washington.
Brad Smith, welcome
back to the "NewsHour."
So, first off, what is the
status of this cyber-attack?
There were some reports late
today about a new variant
surfacing in parts of the world.
What do you know about that?
BRAD SMITH, President,
Microsoft: Well, I
think, as the report
just showed, things seem
to be calming down a bit,
but it's too early to declare
victory or say that this episode
is over.
As you just mentioned, new
variants can be created.
That's not uncommon in
these kinds of situations.
We will have to monitor them.
And then, more broadly,
even as we help customers
who are dealing with
this particular attack,
this is a wakeup call for all
of us, whether we're in the
tech sector, customers or in
government.
We need to do more to
address this problem.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you did say
in the memo that you -- that
Microsoft issued yesterday,
you did say this is a powerful
reminder everybody needs to
keep their computers current and
patched.
But you did go on to point
that finger at governments
and what you call stockpiling
of vulnerabilities.
What did you mean by that?
BRAD SMITH: Well, we have been
pointing out in recent months
that, more and more, in multiple
countries, certain agencies and
some governments are stockpiling
vulnerabilities, meaning the
flaws That they find in
software, they're creating
their own exploits, so that they
have them available.
And this causes us concern.
We believe the world needs
some new rules to govern this.
We need governments to act with
restraint, and we certainly
need governments that are
creating these kind
of cyber-weapons to
be effective, so that
they're not stolen or get
leaked out.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, and I want
to ask you about that, because,
at the White House today,
the president's homeland
security adviser, Tom Bossert
-- I think you just heard him
say this -- he said the NSA
never intended for this tool
that they created to be used
as part of some
ransomware attack.
BRAD SMITH: I think
that's got to be the case.
And the reality is, this
was an unusual attack.
It involved the combination
of a very sophisticated
piece of software of
the type we sometimes
see in governments, then
combined with a much
less sophisticated piece
of software, in effect,
the ransomware component.
And in all probability, it's
some type of organized criminal
group that took what came
out of the government and put
it to use in a way that no one
ever intended, but the damage
is still done, and we can't
assume that this is the last
time we will see this type of
problem if we don't find
a way to take new steps.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, Brad
Smith, what do you say about
Microsoft's role in this?
I'm sure you know there are
security analysts out there who
are saying, not only because
these flaws existed in
something that Microsoft,
that your company
created, but also that the
company apparently hasn't done
enough to alert people that
these flaws are there, that they
need to patch?
There are some nonprofit
organizations, the
governments that we have
been discussing that
just haven't gotten
around to it.
And these analysts are
saying, Microsoft should have
done more to alert people.
BRAD SMITH: Well, the very
first thing that I said in my
statement yesterday was that
Microsoft, in fact, has
the first responsibility
to address these issues.
I think that's unquestionable.
We look at everything
that we're doing today.
We have 3,500
security engineers.
We worked over the
weekend to provide help to
customers around the world.
We acted in March
to patch software.
We acted in March to talk
about the importance of
this, as we do all the time.
But this is a wakeup call
for us, for customers.
None of us should assume
that we're doing everything
that we can possibly do.
Let's all learn
from this together.
And I would be the first to
say that, just as government
needs to do more, we need to
ask ourselves what more
we could do as well.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Can you
say at this point what
more Microsoft can do?
BRAD SMITH: Well, one of the
issues that I think we need
to think through around the
world is how to help customers,
especially in sophisticated,
diversified, complicated
information technology
environments to deploy
patches more easily.
The National Health Service
in the U.K. is a good example.
It's a very large institution.
Now, in some cases, the
computers are a good deal older.
I think there is certainly
an opportunity for us to ask
ourselves, what new technologies
can we deploy, what new
processes can we develop to
make it easier for customers?
And then, of course, we
do need customers to act.
We cannot actually patch
their systems unless they
deploy our technology.
And that, too, is a
lesson for us all.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I want to go
back to what you were saying
about the role of governments
and the role specifically in
this country of the National
Security Agency, the NSA.
Your point is that they
have developed devices
to fix these flaws that
exist, but they haven't
shared them quickly enough.
Were you notified, was
Microsoft notified by
NSA that this was coming?
BRAD SMITH: Well, I don't
want to go into the specifics
of how we learned about this
particular problem
or by whom or when.
It is of public record that
we provided a patch in March.
There wasn't a public statement
about this until April.
But what I think is also
important is that we
need the global community
to come together.
We called earlier this year
for the creation, in effect,
of a digital Geneva Convention,
new rules of the road that apply
to everybody, because this is
an issue, in this instance,
that may have arisen in the
United States, but no one should
think that this is an issue
unique to the United States.
This is an issue for many
governments around the world.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Brad Smith,
the president of Microsoft, we
thank you very much for joining
us.
BRAD SMITH: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And some further
reporting now on this and
what consumers need to know.
And that comes from
William Brangham.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And, for
that, we turn to Eric Geller,
who covers cyber-security for
Politico.
Welcome.
ERIC GELLER,
Politico: Thank you.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, you just
heard the president of Microsoft
make his argument, that they're
not really to blame for
this, for the slowness
or relative slowness, of
putting out the patches.
What do you make of
that point he's making?
ERIC GELLER: Well, Microsoft
is in a tricky position here,
because, as you heard, he didn't
want to discuss whether they
had been informed by the NSA.
Seems likely they were informed.
The only other possibility is
that they were told by this
group that leaked the files.
So, either way, they're
in a tricky situation.
They have got to rush
to fix this problem that
they didn't know about.
They're wondering whether they
should demand some changes to
the way the government deals
with these policies.
And, of course, at the same
time, they're wondering what
the consequences are going
to be for consumers.
So they are in a
tricky situation.
I think they moved as
fast as they could.
Of course, what we're seeing
is, the more time you have
to tell customers about the
problem, the more
customers who will fix it.
They had only a very
short period of time.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And,
obviously, we have been talking
about this potential that the
- - this was somehow a
tool created by the NSA
that was stolen by hackers.
And Microsoft is arguing that
that's really the problem,
that the government is devising
tools to break
into our computers.
Inevitably, those tools
are going to get out,
and we're going to see
the havoc we have seen.
What do you make
of that argument?
ERIC GELLER: They certainly have
a point that the U.S. government
has not done a great job
of keeping its secrets secret
over the past few years,
Edward Snowden, Harold Martin,
who was recently arrested
and charged with stealing
classified information.
The Shadow Brokers, we still
don't know who they are.
And then, of course, WikiLeaks
has been posting CIA files.
So, look, Microsoft has a point.
The government is not as
good as this as it should be.
On the other hand, the
government needs to
be able to break into
Russian computers, ISIS
computers.
There are all kinds of valid
foreign intelligence targets out
there who are using Windows and
who need to be surveilled
by our government in
order to do its job.
So, I think Microsoft is in a
tricky spot because it doesn't
want to say the government
shouldn't be able to
spy on terrorists, but
those same terrorists,
they use the products
that we use.
And so issues that allow
them to be spied on,
they also put us at risk.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Obviously,
that seems like the trickiest
part of the debate.
If the government can detect
that there is a hole in a
company's software, do they have
an obligation to tell
that company, so that
they can patch it?
But then that also gives away
the tool that the government
no longer has to do this exact
surveillance you're describing.
ERIC GELLER: Yes.
And the government
has a process.
I should say, they have a
process for deciding when to
reveal a flaw to a company.
It's called the vulnerability
equities processes.
And the government actually
revealed it a few years ago when
there was a major vulnerability
that was disclosed in public.
They still don't have all
the fine-tuning details
of that nailed down.
And there's been some efforts.
California Democrat Ted Lieu
yesterday said - - or, I should
say, Friday said that he wanted
to reform that process.
He wanted to change the rules
for when the government has
to tell a company about this.
We're in the very early
stages of this process.
This is a very obscure issue.
It's not one that people are
familiar with, but it's one
that, I think, as we saw this
weekend, it's becoming more
important to our own lives.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Getting
back to this attack
itself, do you think, as
we have been reporting,
that this seems like
it's winding down, or,
as Judy mentioned, are
we see going to more
variants crop up?
ERIC GELLER: It's hard to say,
because, as you point out,
anybody can build a new variant,
anybody can change the code,
put it back out there, and
the ways of sort of killing it
and tamping down on it, they
have to be pursued freshly,
they have to be pursued anew.
And so it's possible
that this never stops.
I have a hard time imagining
that cyber-criminals will
just keep doing this forever.
They are going to find other
things that they like to do, but
there is certainly no technical
reason that it can't
happen forever.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: We saw
this break out first in
hospitals in the U.K.
Is that because they,
hospitals, are particularly
vulnerable, or was it
because they were targeted
specifically?
ERIC GELLER: It's
unclear right now.
I think they were
probably targeted.
One sort of conspiracy theory
here is that this wasn't meant
to be released when it was,
that it was sort of a test.
They were trying to figure
out what would happen, and it
got out, and perhaps the way
it was initially configured,
it ended up going to the
National Health Service first.
Either way, I would say
probably not accidental.
These things have to be coded.
They have got to be targeted
at particular entities.
It's hard for me to imagine that
the scale that we saw with the
NHS, that that was completely
random.
But I should say that
U.S. officials and private
cyber-security firms
have really, I think,
at this point no idea
who it is, although they
are pursuing some leads.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Lastly, just
for our viewers out there who
are worried, could this strike
me, what can I do to protect
myself, can you give just us a
quick digital computer hygiene
lesson?
What are the things people
should do to stop this
from happening to them?
ERIC GELLER: Yes.
I think the number one thing
is, you want to patch Windows.
If you're running Windows --
and I think a lot of people
out there are -- make sure that
you're using -- you should be
running Windows 10, which is...
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, when
you get those software update
notifications, do those.
ERIC GELLER: Do them right away.
You're much better off doing
that and just making sure
that Microsoft is finding all
the things that could go wrong.
And just you have got
to install everything
whenever it comes out there.
And then also I would say, if
you're running Windows XP --
and I hope to God that very
few of your viewers are running
Windows XP - - but if you are,
you should throw that computer
away and get a new one as soon
as possible, because Microsoft
is not going to support
these kind of critical patches
for Windows XP forever.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And,
of course, don't click on
those dodgy-looking e-mails.
ERIC GELLER: Absolutely.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Eric Geller
of Politico, thank you so much.
ERIC GELLER: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: North Korea
today hailed its test of a new
intermediate-range missile and
claimed that it can now hit
U.S. bases in the Pacific
with a nuclear warhead.
State TV broadcast footage
of Sunday's launch.
The missile traveled nearly
500 miles, but analysts said
it could have a maximum range
of 2,500 miles.
So, just where is the
North in its development
of missile technology
and its nuclear program?
For that, we turn
to Jeffrey Lewis.
He's the director of the
East Asia Non-Proliferation
Program at the Middlebury
Institute of International
Studies in Monterey, California.
Jeffrey Lewis, thank you
very much for joining us.
This sounds like quite
an advance on the part
of the North Koreans.
Tell us more about
this missile test.
What exactly was it yesterday?
JEFFREY LEWIS, Director,
East Asia Non-Proliferation
Program, Monterey
Institute of International
Studies: Well, it's a
brand-new type of missile.
We'd seen a version of this
in a parade just a month ago,
but what's really striking is,
it seems to use a new
engine that the North
Koreans designed themselves.
So, in the past, normally,
they have copied engines
from other places.
This looks like the first engine
that's fully North Korean, so
it's a big step forward for
them.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, what does
that mean, a new engine?
Does that mean
distance, power, what?
MD-BJEFFREY LEWIS: Well, what
it really means is know-how.
And so, ultimately,
that will translate
into distance and power.
So, in the past, the North
Koreans, by copying missiles, if
we have asked this question can
you build an ICBM, we have
had to imagine how they could
cobble together an ICBM using
parts and pieces from other
engines they have copied.
Now it looks like they
actually have the design
expertise to build this
kind of missile themselves,
and I think in the future that
should lead us toward an ICBM.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, as I said in
the introduction, 500 miles, but
the experts are saying it could
potentially be 2,500 miles.
I mean, what is the
potential capacity of this?
MD-BJEFFREY LEWIS: Right.
Well, so what the North Koreans
did was, they shot it almost
straight up, because they didn't
want to fire it at Alaska.
They didn't want it
to overfly Japan.
And so, while it only
traveled -- sorry -- I
have to do kilometers --
while it only traveled
about 800 kilometers downrange,
it went more than 2,000
kilometers up into space, which
is much higher than,
for example, the
International Space Station.
So, if they had straightened it
out, it would have been like a
4,500-kilometer range, which
would be nearly an
ICBM, but not quite.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, that
means they can reach where
-- could reach where?
MD-BJEFFREY LEWIS:
That missile would just
fall short of Alaska.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So,
U.S. land, territory.
Is this -- and your point is
that this is - - it's technology
that the North Koreans,
as far as we know, have
only gained recently?
MD-BJEFFREY LEWIS:
Well, that's right.
In the past, they have mostly
copied other countries' engines,
and so there's been kind
of a problem with quality
and a real limit on what
they could do with that.
This is probably a breakthrough,
in the sense that, now they
have that design expertise
on their own, they will be able
to continually improve and make
longer -- longer-range missiles.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I was
reading that this says a
lot about their ability
potentially to miniaturize
a warhead, about the ability of
the missile to survive reentry
into the Earth's atmosphere,
once it goes up into space,
comes back down again.
I'm assuming all of
that is significant.
But they haven't
perfected it yet.
What are the hurdles that
they still need to overcome?
MD-BJEFFREY LEWIS: Well,
what they have done are test
all of the parts and pieces.
So, for example, we have
seen this new large engine.
We have also seen North
Koreans test a different engine
that would work in an ICBM.
We have seen them do
ground tests of the -- it's
called a reentry vehicle.
It's basically the ability
to bring the warhead
back into the atmosphere.
So, really, what North Korea
has to do is put all those
things together and test them
at once.
So, that's still in the
future, but it's not
very far in the future.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do
you mean not very far?
MD-BJEFFREY LEWIS: They could
test an ICBM as soon as this
year, although it's possible
that they will take
longer now that they're
designing their own engines.
They may wait and do it right.
But I would not -- this is not
a five- or 10-year problem.
This is a one- or two-
or three-year problem.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Hence getting
the attention of U.S. officials
and officials in the reason.
Just final quick
question, Jeffrey Lewis.
Are the North Koreans figuring
this out because they have
a bunch of smart scientists?
Are they sitting around?
Are they stealing this
information from somewhere else?
Do we know how
they're doing this?
MD-BJEFFREY LEWIS:
Well, in the past,
they had a lot of help.
And so we would see the
North Koreans poking around
in Russia and Ukraine
looking for technology.
I think the reason this
particular engine is important
is because it really looks like
something they
designed themselves.
So I think they have moved
from the point where they are
importing things and stealing
information to actually
designing their own engines.
And that's a big step.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It
certainly sounds like it.
Jeffrey Lewis with the Monterey
Institute of International
Studies, we thank you.
MD-BJEFFREY LEWIS: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
It's Politics Monday -- what
the fallout from firing the
FBI director means for
the president's agenda.
But first: As the Islamic State
group faces serious losses
in Syria and Iraq, some of
the group's foreign
fighters are fleeing the
region and returning to
their home countries.
This has had an impact across
the region, including in
Tunisia, a country that has sent
more fighters to join
the group than any other.
Jeffrey Brown reports
on what kind of welcome
they will be receiving.
JEFFREY BROWN: A protest earlier
this year on the streets of
Tunis, a sign of democracy
in the new Tunisia, where past
demonstrations would have been
brutally suppressed, but also
a sign of lingering
political crisis.
Citizens rallied against the
return of thousands of fellow
Tunisians who have fought abroad
for the Islamic State and
other jihadi groups, and
now want to return home.
DR.
NAZIHA GOUIDER, Activist:
These people are not Tunisian.
They are monsters.
JEFFREY BROWN: Dr.
Naziha Gouider helped
organize the protests.
She's a neurologist
in a well-off suburb
of Tunis and fears the
impact the returnees will
have.
DR.
NAZIHA GOUIDER: They are
people who have no nationality.
They decided to go to a place
where -- to have another
nationality, because this place
is called a state.
JEFFREY BROWN: ISIS.
DR.
NAZIHA GOUIDER: Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: But
family members of those
accused of fighting for
ISIS just want their
loved ones home.
WOMAN (through translator):
My brother is one of
Tunisia's young people
who were marginalized,
who got lost.
JEFFREY BROWN: Before dawn on a
recent morning, this woman -- we
agreed to conceal her identity
- - was on her way to a local
jail to visit her brother, a
young man, she said, who'd
misled his family and left
to fight in Syria in 2012.
WOMAN (through translator): I
took him to the airport myself.
And that's what hurts me.
He contacted me and he told
me: "I'm in Syria and I'm OK."
You can imagine our situation.
We went mad.
I was crying while walking
in the street like a fool
JEFFREY BROWN: Soon enough,
she says, her brother realized
he'd made a terrible mistake.
Eventually, he turned
himself into the Tunisian
Embassy in Turkey.
Returned to Tunis, he now faces
a lengthy prison sentence.
WOMAN (through translator): Now
he has the title of terrorist.
His life is destroyed.
He is not the only one.
JEFFREY BROWN: The U.N.
estimates that between
5,000 to 6,000 Tunisians
joined ISIS to fight
in Syria, Iraq, and Libya, more
than from any other country.
The response to the returning
fighters is a complicated
one, in a country with a very
fragile democracy and very
real security concerns.
Protests in 2011 in Tunisia
peacefully overthrew
longtime dictator Abidine
Ben Ali and sparked
the wider Arab Spring uprisings.
Later, a democratically elected
coalition government included
Tunisian secularists and
Islamists.
This is a country widely seen as
the region's success story, but
one with enormous challenges,
including a stagnant
economy and large numbers
of homegrown terrorists.
In 2015, 20 tourists were
killed by Islamist gunmen at
Tunis' Bardo Museum, a cultural
treasure.
And a lone gunman killed
38, mostly Brits on holiday,
at a coastal beach resort.
ISIS claimed responsibility
for both attacks.
Tunisian-born radicals have
also carried out attacks abroad,
including those in Nice and
Berlin in 2016.
Authorities here say about 800
Tunisian fighters have returned
and are now sitting in jails.
But hundreds more may have
snuck into the country
through neighboring Libya.
MOHAMED IQBAL, Rescue
Association of Tunisians
Trapped Abroad (through
translator): If you
ask any Tunisian family, do
you know of a Tunisian who
has gone to Syria or tried to
go, they will say,
yes, of course we do.
JEFFREY BROWN: Mohamed Iqbal
has spent the last several
years tracking those who left,
and in 2013 formed
an organization to
help them return.
A young boy.
MOHAMED IQBAL: Yes, a young
boy, about 16 years old.
JEFFREY BROWN: He was 16
when he went to Libya?
MOHAMED IQBAL: Yes, 16
to Libya and to Syria.
JEFFREY BROWN: Iqbal sees a
lost generation, many of them
poor and vulnerable Tunisians,
succumbing to economic hardship
and a sophisticated network of
hard-line Islamists recruiting
them for jihad.
MOHAMED IQBAL (through
translator): The lion knows
how to choose its prey.
There are recruitment networks
hunting for young people.
JEFFREY BROWN: The 2011
revolution unleashed
many disparate forces,
including an Islamist
revival.
This video from that time shows
an imam who would later become
minister of religious affairs
during Friday prayers.
MAN (through translator): It
is the duty of every Muslim
to help our brothers fight in
Syria.
JEFFREY BROWN: Many accepted
that call, including Mohamed
Iqbal's younger brother.
We agreed not use his
name or show his face.
MAN (through translator): I
thought, by going, that I would
be helping to send a message
to the world: Enough
killings of the Syrian people
and the Muslim people.
We have been told that,
in Syria, they will employ
us, provide us a house.
If you want to get married,
you can do it there.
JEFFREY BROWN: Despite being
wheelchair-bound, the younger
Iqbal managed to make it to the
Syrian border in 2013,
before his brother
convinced him to come home.
He's now in a legal limbo
and regularly visited
and watched by police.
Mohamed Iqbal acknowledges
that there are hardcore
terrorists among those who left.
He wants distinctions drawn
and efforts made to incorporate
as many as possible back into
society.
MOHAMED IQBAL (through
translator): Tunisian
law can't prevent a
citizens from coming back
to his home country.
These fighters must return
to their countries, get
arrested, and be rehabilitated.
This is better than
they're remaining free
in areas of conflicts.
We want them to come back to
society and live normally,
not just as ex-convicts.
They must be producing
something to the society,
not only consuming.
JEFFREY BROWN: But to
what kind of society?
Tied up in Tunisia's
debates, the role of
religion in public life.
The former dictatorship
ruthlessly enforced secularism
and closely monitored religious
activity.
One result, people
like Imam Omar Mighri
spent years in prison.
Today, though, he is a moderate
who works with the government
to oppose radical Islamists
whose influence grew
after the revolution.
At his home in a suburb of
Tunis, Imam Mighri told us that
forgiveness is one part of the
equation, along with extensive
re-education programs.
OMAR MIGHRI, Imam (through
translator): Many of them do
not have a proper understanding
of Islam and jihad.
They're a danger to society
and to our social fabric.
JEFFREY BROWN: The government,
he says, must do more to reach
radicals in prisons and schools.
OMAR MIGHRI (through
translator): We asked
the government to give
us the opportunity
to speak to people who
have been jailed and try
to change their path.
We were refused.
JEFFREY BROWN: Does the
government have a plan?
Yes, says Colonel Mohktar Ben
Nasr, a retired military officer
who now runs a think tank,
to jail the worst and
monitor others, through tight
security and the rule of law.
COL.
MOHKTAR BEN NASR (RET.),
Former Tunisian Military
Official (through
translator): ISIS is a beaten
force, so they will come back
in search of safe places.
The real difficulty lies
in identifying them,
because many don't return
through the airports
with official documents.
JEFFREY BROWN: Tunisia is
still a young democracy,
finding its way between
the security and these
kinds of new freedoms.
Is it a difficult
balance even today?
COL.
MOHKTAR BEN NASR (through
translator): Yes, absolutely.
Today, the guaranteed thing
is that there is real freedom,
there is freedom of expression.
But this freedom has limits.
And when people overstep
those limits, there is chaos.
JEFFREY BROWN: After
human rights groups issued
reports on abuses by
Tunisian security forces,
civil liberties advocates
responded with a campaign called
No to Terrorism, Yes to Human
Rights, featuring prominent
Tunisian celebrities.
Six years after its
revolution, Tunisia faces
numerous challenges.
It falls to citizens, says
Dr. Naziha Gouider, to
push the country forward.
DR.
NAZIHA GOUIDER: Tunisia is full
of competence, of very competent
people, and of people who
love their country, and
people who think that
progress and changing this
bad image is absolutely
possible.
If you try to draw a new dream
for the Tunisians, all the
Tunisians, this is the solution.
JEFFREY BROWN: A new dream,
that is, for a new Tunisia.
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
I'm Jeffrey Brown in Tunis.
JUDY WOODRUFF: President Trump
went well beyond his Republican
predecessors today with a major
expansion of a policy
that restricts how U.S.
aid can be used for
international health and
family planning.
The rule, known as the Mexico
City policy, has often blocked
international assistance
through the U.S. Agency for
International Development to
any groups or programs that
provide or mention abortions.
The president's new order would
apply to billions of additional
dollars given out by the State
and Defense Departments.
William Brangham is
back with that story.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The rule,
often referred to as critics
-- I'm sorry -- often referred
to by critics as the gag rule,
was first enacted in 1984.
Republican presidents
traditionally reinstate
it, and thus limit funding
to NGOs that discuss
or perform abortion.
Democrats, including President
Obama, then repeal it.
During his first few days in
office, President Trump signed
an executive order making it
clear he would reinstate it.
But, today, the scope of
it became much clearer.
In the past, about $600
million in funding was
covered by the rule.
Today's expansion will now
affect nearly $9 billion.
I'm joined now by
Yeganeh Torbati.
She covers the State
Department for Reuters.
Welcome back to the "NewsHour."
YEGANEH TORBATI,
Reuters: Thank you.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Very
big expansion of this
policy today, right?
YEGANEH TORBATI: Right.
So, before this version of the
policy, under past Republican
administrations, just like
you mentioned, there was
some version of this rule,
but it applied only to
family planning-related
funding from USAID and
the State Department.
Now, under this version of
the policy, it is going to
apply to basically all global
health funding provided
by the United States.
That's funding under the Defense
Department, under the State
Department, under USAID as
well.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, that's any
U.S. agency, any U.S. department
now falls under this rule?
YEGANEH TORBATI: Right.
When it comes to their global
health assistance dollars, they
have to abide by this Mexico
City policy.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So,
specifically, we touched
on this a little bit,
but the rule says, if
you're getting federal
money, you can't perform
or mention abortions.
Is that right?
YEGANEH TORBATI: Right.
That's basically the
general version of the rule.
You can't perform or
mention abortions as
part of family planning.
Now, U.S. officials said
today when they rolling
out this policy that
they will make exceptions
for abortions performed
basically in the cases of
rape or incest or other
sort of like emergency
situations.
But, you know, the vast
majority of abortions are
not for those purposes.
They're for sort of
family planning purposes.
And so the funding will be
restricted when it comes to
groups that provide those sorts
of services or mention
them or talk about them.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So,
specifically, what types
of organizations are
going to suddenly see
this potential threat
to their funding?
YEGANEH TORBATI: It's a wide
array of organizations that
provide global health services.
So, previous versions of this
rule didn't include groups
that provide, for example,
HIV/AIDS-related care
or malaria-related care.
But, specifically, two major
U.S. programs that provide
that sort of funding to groups
that provide that care, which
are PEPFAR and the President's
Malaria Initiative, those
now come under this rule.
And so critics and
especially Democratic
opponents in Congress,
people who oppose this rule,
say that that's going to affect
a wide array of services that
the U.S. has traditionally
funded in some of the most
vulnerable countries, including
parts of Africa, Southwest Asia
and the like.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And I
understand the Democrats
have been highly
critical of this and say
just as you say.
On the other hand, people who
want to restrict abortions
see this as a huge victory.
I mean, that's what they're --
that seems to be the goal here,
right, to restrict abortions
that come via U.S. dollars
all around the world.
YEGANEH TORBATI: Right.
I mean, one thing that's
notable, that we should note,
is that even when the Mexico
City policy is not in
place, meaning under
Democratic administrations,
it's usually one
that's been rescinded, federal
law prevents the U.S. funds
from being used to fund abortion
services.
That's a separate, you know,
federal legal distinction.
This rule applies to U.S.
funding for organizations
that provide abortions
or provide information
about abortions using funds
from other non-U.S. sources.
So that's one
distinction to make.
And, yes, you're right.
Groups that support this rule
-- and we heard from a lot of
them today -- say that, you
know, they're ensuring that
U.S. funds aren't sitting groups
even that support these sorts
of abortion policies that
they don't agree with.
And so they're really
lauding President Trump's
action and the State
Department's implementation
of that rule today.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Lastly, if
an organization currently is
being funded by the U.S., and
they do mention or
perform abortions somehow,
can they simply change
their mission and still
receive money, or are they
going to be cut regardless?
YEGANEH TORBATI: No, so the
U.S. officials that we spoke
to today and that we heard from
say that they're -- one thing
that they were at pains to
acknowledge is that this is not
a cut in funding.
The U.S. is going to continue
to provide about $6 billion a
year to PEPFAR, for instance,
and $620 million for
this malaria initiative.
So they want to continue the
funding and they intend to.
What they say they're going
to do is, they're going to ask
their partners abroad to sort
of agree to a clause that says
they are not going to talk about
or provide abortion services.
Now, if those partners say
that they can't do it, then the
U.S. officials say that they
will basically find
other partners that they
believe are going to
still be able to provide
these services in
an effective manner.
But it will basically require
not a cut in funding, but
a reallocation of funding.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: I see.
YEGANEH TORBATI: And we will
have to see, you know, is
that going to be difficult on
the ground?
Is that going to restrict
the number of partners that
the U.S. can work with?
How is that actually
going to be implemented?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All
right, Yeganeh Torbati,
thank you very much.
YEGANEH TORBATI:
Thank you, William.
JUDY WOODRUFF: From this
afternoon's Washington
Post story that President
Trump may have shared
classified information with
the Russians, to his firing
of James Comey almost a week
ago, we look at what all this
means for the future of the
Trump administration's agenda
with our Politics
Monday team, Amy Walter
of The Cook Political
Report and Tamara Keith
of NPR.
And welcome to both of you.
So, it looked as if today,
Amy, the White House was trying
to project an air of calm,
trying to tamp everything down,
the aftermath of the hurrah,
hoopla over the firing of the
FBI director, but then late
this afternoon this report
coming from The Washington Post,
it's now confirmed by The
New York Times, by the
Reuters news service, Tam.
And we're hearing BuzzFeed
and other organizations.
We're also hearing, as we sit
here, that the White House is
gathering the national security
adviser to go out and talk
to the press about it.
But it just seems as if, Amy,
this White House is having a
hard time keeping news and bad
news under control.
AMY WALTER, The Cook Political
Report: That's right.
And for the first time
this week, this didn't come
from the president himself.
Remember, a lot of the damage
that was done over the course
of last week and into the
weekend were his own tweets.
In this case, it's people
leaking information
about this president's
conversation with the
Russians that have gotten
him into hot water and the
administration into hot water.
And it goes really to the
fundamental question here, which
is, who is driving the train at
that White House?
There is no focus,
there's no strategy.
There is -- it seems to me we
go day to day without a bigger,
broader, you know, comprehensive
strategy and messaging
and discipline.
And that was how Donald
Trump ran his campaign.
That was how he
ran his businesses.
Running the government
like this is proving to
be much more difficult.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Tam, a lot
of this seems to have to do
with the White House staff and
whether they are pleasing
the president, whether
they are doing the job
they're supposed to
do.
There were reports over the
weekend of maybe a shakeup of
staff, people were going to be
fired.
And then, in my interview
earlier in the program
with Greg Jaffe of The
Washington Post, he
said, typically, it's staff
who brief the president before
they meet with someone like
a foreign minister
and an ambassador.
So, the staff is a big
part of the focus here.
TAMARA KEITH, National Public
Radio: But, by all accounts,
the staff has been briefing
the president, and the
president plays it by the field.
He just -- he does what
feels right in the moment.
He has talked about
this, that he's flexible,
that he improvises.
And it's hard to build
a communication strategy
around improvisation.
I mean, what we saw last week,
with the White House coming
out with talking points, the
vice president repeating those
talking points repeatedly,
and then the president of the
United States going on
television and directly
contradicting the talking
points and the vice
president.
And maybe what the vice
president said was more true
than what all of the others were
saying, but it creates
this cloud that just hangs
over the administration.
And now you have H.R. McMaster,
the national security adviser,
coming out to brief the
press, to push back on
this Washington Post story.
Well, you know, last
week, they came out and
they pushed a narrative,
and then the president
contradicted it.
What's going to
happen this week?
JUDY WOODRUFF:
And we don't know.
AMY WALTER: Right.
And this is happening, of
course, as the president
is getting ready to go
overseas on his first
international trip to
some of our most important
allies, Saudi Arabia, Israel.
So, this is obviously going to
be on the minds of the people
that he's going to visit.
When you're talking about
potentially sharing classified
information with an adversary,
what are our allies going
to be thinking about this?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, and we're
watching as comments from
the senator -- United States
senators coming in on both
sides of the political aisle.
AMY WALTER: Right.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We saw Senator
John Warner saying something to
the effect, this is troubling.
We saw Senator John McCain
saying, if it's true, it
would be very concerning.
Republicans, to both of
you, they're not embracing
- - not all of them are
embracing the way this
White House has handled
the FBI story either.
TAMARA KEITH: That's correct.
I was talking to a Republican
senator last week who wanted
more details, wanted more
information about the timing.
You see a lot of Republicans
in Congress saying, I
need more information,
we need more details.
On the Comey thing, they are
going to get a briefing this
week by the deputy attorney
general, Rod Rosenstein.
But many of the reactions
to this, this latest
story are, well, we want
to know what's really
happening, we want to hear
from the administration.
That is maybe a bit of
teensy-weensy bit of
distancing themselves
from the administration,
but that is not...
AMY WALTER: But it's not.
TAMARA KEITH: But
not really, no.
AMY WALTER: No.
(CROSSTALK)
AMY WALTER: We have not seen --
yes, we have not seen -- there
is no sort of bottom dropping
out.
You don't see an en masse
refusal of Republicans
to support this
administration or to call
for the president to
do something different.
I think a lot of what you're
seeing is the fact that the
Republican base voters still
united around this president.
This NBC/Wall Street Journal
poll that came out this week,
I think came out yesterday,
support, approval rating among
people who voted for Trump
87 percent, among Republicans
in general, 82 percent.
The number that should worry
Republicans, though, especially
those who sit in swing
states, swing districts is
this; 35 percent of independents
give him a positive approval
rating, only 35 percent.
That is a danger number.
But for most of these
Republicans, as we know, they
sit in Republican districts.
Only 23 House members
sit in a district that
Hillary Clinton carried.
Very few senators up in this
next election sit in a state
Hillary Clinton carried.
Only one, in fact, does.
That's some of their
calculation, too.
The bottom hasn't dropped outs
on Trump among his own voters.
Republicans now sort of sitting
and waiting to see how much
longer they can wait before
they have to do something.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, meanwhile,
Tam, there is the agenda
that the president had been
talking about, overhauling
health care, coming up with
a health care replacement.
That is still in motion.
Tax reform.
You go down the list.
TAMARA KEITH: Yes, and
those things were stalling
a little bit, or they
were going to take some
time.
So nobody's talking
about them now.
Nobody's looking at the minutia
of -- Republicans senators are
continuing to meet, Republicans
senators continuing to meet to
talk about health care reform
or to talk about how they'd
repeal and replace the
Affordable Care Act.
But it's happening at a very low
simmer, very much out of view.
And it is this remarkable thing.
The president is about to leave
the country to go overseas to
meet with all these allies.
And I'm going on that trip.
It's unclear to me whether I'm
going to be reporting on what
the president is doing overseas
or whether I will be reporting
on the continued kerfuffle and
drama that has been coming out
of this White House.
AMY WALTER: Can I
make one more point?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Sure.
AMY WALTER: Do we have time?
But the one thing I also want
to say about this agenda is,
the problem is not simply
that this is distracting him
from pushing an agenda forward.
The problem is that the
agenda itself is not
particularly popular.
The health care bill that the
House passed, and you look at
all the polls that have been
released since it's passed,
at best, it gets an approval
rating somewhere in the 30s.
This NBC poll, 48 percent
said they thought it was
bad, only 23 percent good.
That's as bad as any poll
they took when Obamacare,
at its lowest, was polling.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
A lot to consider here,
and it keeps on coming.
TAMARA KEITH: Indeed.
Amy Walter, Tamara
Keith, we thank you both.
TAMARA KEITH: Thank you.
AMY WALTER: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And,
Tamara, safe travels.
TAMARA KEITH: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And updating
now our top story: The
Washington Post and now
other news organizations
are reporting that President
Trump divulged highly sensitive
intelligence information
about the Islamic State group
to top Russian diplomats, and
may have jeopardized the source
of that information.
However, the deputy
national security adviser
is denying this, and says
the story is -- quote
- - "false."
And Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson is saying
that the president
never discussed sources,
methods or military operations.
Still, Democratic Senator Mark
Warner of Virginia says it's
-- quote -- "a slap in the face
to the intelligence
community, if it's true."
Republican Senator John McCain,
I think, as we just referred
to, calls it disturbing.
He is cautioning, though,
against jumping to conclusions.
And that's the
"NewsHour" for tonight.
We will continue to monitor
this story and others.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again
right here tomorrow evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank you,
and we will see you soon.